chore(contrib): install nox into the local development environment rather than global (#953)
DisnakeDev/disnake: CONTRIBUTING.md

We would greatly appreciate the code submitted to be of a consistent style with other code in disnake. This project follows PEP-8 guidelines (mostly) with a column limit of 100 characters.

> Run these commands to install [`PDM`](https://pdm.fming.dev/), as well as the required dependencies in your environment, and to set up [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start) hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run these commands to install [`PDM`](https://pdm.fming.dev/) as well as the required dependencies in your environment, and to set up [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#quick-start) hooks.
```

Author: offloaded installation responsibility to the official pdm docs in https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/953/commits/3fb25c514614fb92b9257165e9c1aa973b886c20, so this suggestion is moot and superseded.

We would greatly appreciate the code submitted to be of a consistent style with other code in disnake. This project follows PEP-8 guidelines (mostly) with a column limit of 100 characters.

> We require [`PDM`](https://pdm.fming.dev/) for development. If PDM is not already installed on your system, you can follow their [installation steps here](https://github.com/pdm-project/pdm#installation) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [`PDM`](https://pdm.fming.dev/) for development. If PDM is not already installed on your system, you can follow their [installation steps here](https://pdm.fming.dev/latest/#installation) to get started.
```
